[nucleus-3.0] replace fieldset to form group (#231)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: docs/components/ns-inputter.md

Radio buttons are for when customers need to select only one option from a list. If you need them to select multiple options then you should use checkboxes. If there are many items to choose from then you should consider a select instead.

> Radio buttons are usually in the form of a question - such as "Are you a British Gas customer?".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radio buttons are usually the answers to a question asked in the `heading` attribute of the `ns-inputter` - such as "Are you a British Gas customer?".
```

Checkboxes are for when customers can select multiple options from a list, or choose to toggle a single option on or off. If you need them to select a single option from a list then you should use radio buttons.

> Checkboxes are usually in the form of a question - such as "Which British Gas services would you like to choose?".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkboxes are usually the answers to a question asked in the `heading` attribute of the `ns-inputter` - such as "Which British Gas services would you like to choose?".
```
